But I want you to turn with me and your Bibles.
If you have your, your, your copy of the New Testament, the book of Acts, please.
I'm chapter nine.
Who knows what's in Acts chapter nine?
You're going to find out when you look it up, but what?
Souls conversion.
Yeah.
It's probably the, the most renowned conversion of them all.
And we're going to read it again tonight.
And I'm not going to do you like a Bible exposition of this.
You'll have heard better Bible expositions and studies on this story than what you're going to hear tonight.
But I'm just going to bring to you what I feel the Lord has led on my heart for some of you this evening.
And that's more important to me that you hear from God and God touches your life.
So let's read from verse one.
And we're going to read down to about verse 18 or 19.
Meanwhile, Saul was still breathing out murderous threats against the Lord's disciples.
He went to the high priest and asked him for letters to the synagogues in Damascus so that if he found any there who belonged to the way, whether men or women, he might take them as prisoners to Jerusalem.
As he neared Damascus on his journey, suddenly a light from heaven flashed around him.
He fell to the ground and heard a voice to him
Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me?
Who are you, Lord?
Saul asked.
I am Jesus whom you are persecuting, he replied.
Now get up and go into the city and you will be told what you must do.
The men traveling with Saul stood there speechless.
They heard the sound but did not see anyone.
Saul got up from the ground
But when he opened his eyes, he could see nothing.
So they led him by the hand of Damascus.
For three days he was blind and did not eat or drink anything.
In Damascus, there was a disciple named Ananias.
The Lord called to him in a vision, Ananias.
Yes, Lord, he answered.
The Lord told him, go to the house of Judas on straight street and ask for a man from Tarsus named Saul.
for he is praying.
In a vision, he has seen a man named Ananias come and place his hands on him to restore his sight.
Lord Ananias answered, I have heard many reports about this man and all the harm he has done to your holy people in Jerusalem.
And he has come here with authority from the chief priests to arrest all who call on your name.
But the Lord said to Ananias, go.
This man is my chosen instrument to proclaim my name to the Gentiles and their kings and the people of Israel.
I will show him how much he must suffer for my name."
Then Ananias went to the house and entered it, placing his hands on Saul.
He said, Brother Saul, the Lord Jesus who appeared to you on the road as you were coming here has sent me so that you may see again.
and be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Immediately, something like scales fell from Saul's eyes, and he could see again.
He got up and was bump-tised, and after taking some food, he regained his strength.
Could we pray?
Let's pray together.
And as we pray, I want you to pray for yourself now that God would really speak to you and meet you.
You might have come here for prayer, for a healing issue.
have not and just need to hear God's voice and be encouraged.
You might be a Christian.
That might be your need and you want God, maybe to reveal that He's even there and He exists.
That's okay.
That's wonderful.
Everybody's welcome.
You might be a Christian who's struggling with questions or various things.
Isn't it wonderful that the Lord welcomes everyone to come.
Everyone to come.
No matter what your background is, no matter what your hang-ups or your brokenness or your windedness, I mean anything.
I mean everything.
He invites you to come with it all, and He can help you.
But you're welcome here tonight, and the Lord wants you here, and we're glad you're here.
But how about you make this real in the sense that you open your heart to the Lord at the very beginning and say, whatever you want to say, whatever you want to do, however you want to reveal yourself to me now, Lord, would you do it now?
How about that?
Let's get real with the Lord and say, yes, here I am.
I'm available for you to speak to me and meet with me.
Lord, we thank you for your holy word.
We thank you for this wonderful story of the Apostle Paul's conversion.
And Lord, it's old news to many here, but Lord, would you make it new news and good news and better news than they've ever known before, even people who have been Christians for many years.
Lord, would you make this story fresh?
Would you bring to us your heart through it?
In the mighty name of Jesus, we ask these things, come Holy Spirit, and may Jesus encounter people in this place tonight for His glory.
Amen.
The very first word that we read together in verse one of chapter nine is meanwhile.
And that kind of begs the question, meanwhile, what was going on that meanwhile begins chapter nine?
So if you go into chapter eight, you see a very cursory reading that there's the conversion of the Ethiopian eunuch who was like a treasure to the Ethiopian queen, Candice.
And this is a remarkable story and you read about how the evangelist Philip came alongside the chariot and he was reading from Isaiah 53 about this man being basically crucified and he didn't understand a word of it.
And Philip explains the gospel to him and that man comes to Christ, repents,
He's baptized, then he goes back into Africa, and he's the first convert in the African continent, and the church begins in Africa because of this man.
That's the kind of stuff that went on in the Acts of the Apostles.
People turn their lives around to Jesus, the Holy Spirit and conscious them, and whole continents get impacted with the gospel.
It starts at chapter 1, where Jesus said, he poured his spirit in all flesh, and they'd be witnesses to him in Jerusalem, Judea, Samaria, and the outermost parts of the world.
So this book that we're in is full of stories of how God, through the good news of the gospel, encounters people by the power of the Holy Spirit, changes lives, changes families, changes villages, towns, cities, whole regions, and even whole continents effectively changes the world.
So that even the enemies of this message stand back and say, these people are turning the world upside down.
It's crazy.
And so the gospel's taken to Africa in chapter 8.
We read that Philip was before that in the middle of an awakening, a spiritual awakening in Samaria.
It says he's translated, he's actually taken in the spirit after this event back to a place called Azodes and there's all sorts of supernatural things going on.
There's an outpouring of the Holy Spirit.
He's up for that.
But hold on a wee minute because
There's always someone breathing out murderous threats against the Lord's disciples.
Meanwhile, meanwhile, what?
In the middle of all this supernatural activity, someone is breathing out murder against God's people, and we very often find these parallels going on.
I hear people say sometimes, and I've thought of it, I guess, myself,
in the past, wouldn't it be wonderful to have been alive when Jesus was on the earth?
Or wouldn't it have been wonderful to have been alive with the apostles and the acts of the apostles, really?
Now let's get real for a moment.
We were praying out to get real.
We need to be balanced.
We see all these wonderful miraculous deeds that Jesus did and the apostles did.
Some say this book should be called The Acts of the Holy Spirit.
Two of the apostles, I think that's pretty true.
But we need to get real.
Every single one of Jesus' disciples, bar maybe John, were martyred for their faith.
Yes, they believed the promises of Jesus.
Yes, they were out and out for Jesus.
Yes, they were filled with joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Don't misunderstand that.
They had the best life here and now, but they all died for their faith.
So we need to get real and we need to be balanced.
But at the same time, we also need to be careful whose commentary on life we're imbibing.
And what I mean by that is, yes, there are hard times as Christians.
Yes, there's persecution.
Meanwhile, even when there's blessing, there's a challenge from the enemy and the enemies of God and the enemies of the gospel are breathing out murderous threats.
But be careful whose social commentary you're listening to.
And what am I talking about?
Well, listen, you don't have to be Einstein to work out that things are bad in the world.
You with me?
And the place is really going to hell in a hand cart, whether it's the government or whether it's popular culture, whether it's seismic shifts in global powers, whether it's the advance of technology and AI, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
And we aren't in COVID, but you've still got conspiracy theorists.
You've got pessimistic prophets.
There's a doom and gloom prophetic teachers telling us when the end of the world's coming and how it's all going to happen and the tribulation that there will be, et cetera.
And I'm not, I'm not disputing that some of these things might be right, but you know what we need more than ever today?
It is divine perspective.
And what divine perspective is is what John the Apostle got on the isle of Patmos when he got the whole revelation of the apocalypse of Jesus Christ.
There's so many spend their time and it's worthy to do so.
But the message that John got from Jesus was, all this is kicking off on planet earth, but look up.
Look up to who is on the throne.
Look up to who wins in the end.
Look up to a kingdom that is not of this world.
Look up to a lamb who's sitting on the throne who's already conquered.
Many of us are not looking up.
We're looking around.
Or we're looking at our boots.
Now listen, meanwhile, blessings coming.
I believe revival is coming.
I believe revival is here.
To an extent, I believe the story's already started.
I believe we are in the grip of a slow awakening.
especially among the younger generation.
But that doesn't mean people have a naive view that will be floating on some idyllic spiritual cloud and there'll be no problems in the world and there'll be no attacks on Christianity that we're going to change the government and all society.
There will be community transformation, but the devil's not going on vacation any day soon.
But what we do need to recognize
is that even in the midst of deepest darkness, where the enemies of God and the gospel are breathing out, threatness, murder, suddenly the light can come and shine.
We read this here.
Suddenly, verse 3, a light from heaven flashed around Saul.
Suddenly a light from heaven flashed.
That's the news flash we all need.
The good news.
suddenly something can come from heaven in a moment that changes everything.
Do you believe that?
You've got to believe it.
It's our only hope.
Have you ever considered the suddenlys of the Bible?
Amazing.
The suddenlys of the Bible are gods
sudden interventions.
They happen unexpectedly in dramatic ways often.
They interrupt the natural course of events.
That's how Jesus came into the world.
Now, yes, it was all planned and prophetic scripture in God's mind, but it says in Luke 2, 13, suddenly a great company of the heavenly host appeared with the angel praising God and saying, glory to God in the highest and earth, peace and goodwill toward man.
Christ came into the world as far as human kind was concerned suddenly.
when they least expected them.
Everything changed.
Human history changed.
This divided time was divided between AD and BC.
You see, in Acts chapter 2, after our Lord was crucified, buried, risen and ascended, the Holy Spirit could be poured out.
And we read in Acts 2, verse 2, suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house
where they were sitting.
Suddenly, now it was in God's calendar, it was all timed out exactly at Pentecost, but it was suddenly the Holy Spirit was poured out and the then known world was changed and would never be the same again even to this day.
In Acts chapter 12 and verse 7, we read of Peter got through in jail and they were all probably thinking he was going to die because James had been beheaded.
And it was obvious that this was what was before Peter.
But there he is in jail behind those bars.
And it says, suddenly, an angel of the Lord appeared and a light shone in the cell.
He struck Peter on the side and woke him up.
Quick, get up, he said.
And the chains fell off.
Peter's wrists.
Suddenly.
And I felt when I was thinking about today that there's somebody behind bars.
metaphorically speaking in this gathering, and someone with chains.
But your suddenly can come.
The light can come flashing from heaven, like with Saul, like with Peter.
And you have another suddenly, in Acts 16, their Paul and Silas are in jail, again, suffering for their faith locked away and incarcerated.
But their singing praises to God at midnight and praying.
And it says, suddenly,
There was a violent earthquake that the foundations of the prison were shaken, and at once all the prison doors flew open, and everyone's chains came loose.
And then the jailer, because his prisoners were going to escape, he was going to kill himself.
He's going to commit suicide.
Paul shouted, I'd do yourself no harm, for we're all here.
And that guy ended up coming to know Jesus, and his whole house got born again, and they were baptized, and he ended up ministering to Paul and Silas and bathing their wounds.
Suddenly, who believes that we need a sequence of suddenlies?
Supernatural suddenlies.
Now you can't have them all the time or that wouldn't be sudden, would they?
But I think we're due a few for a long many years.
And maybe you're going to get yours tonight when you least expect it.
Now let me ask you a question as we consider this before I move on.
Meanwhile, while the church was knowing blessing, there was murders, threatening, coming from soil in particular, but many of the enemies of the cross.
Can I ask us how we respond to the enemies of the faith, the enemies of God, or the enemies of Christianity, or our particular brand of Christianity?
How do we respond?
You know how we often respond through cursing,
And I can name a list of types of people that I'm talking about, but I'm not going to because it's really anybody that you would consider as your enemy or an enemy of the gospel, how you respond to them, the way you engage with them.
You know what the Bible says?
You know what Jesus our Lord said in Luke 6 and 28?
Bless those who curse you and pray for those who mistreat you.
Doesn't matter what we get our eyes off what the devil is doing, what the adversaries of the devil are doing in government, pop culture, or whatever it might be in society in general, in the secular realm.
Listen, bless them, bless them, because the light shines in the darkness, and the darkness cannot overcome it.
Your problem isn't, is you don't know the light that's in you?
For some of you the light that's in you's darkness, that's Jesus said, because your eyes dark.
How about we start blessing our enemies to have a suddenly encounter with Jesus?
Do you know that's what's happening, terrorists and ISIS and various parts of the Middle East and Muslim fundamentalists?
They're having encounters with Jesus.
They're having encounters with a man in white, robed in white and glory light coming to them.
And they don't even know who he is.
And it's Issa.
It's Jesus.
And a Christian maybe comes along and tells them, or asks them the question, or you see in a man in a white garment, glowing garment in your dreams, and they do.
They don't know who he is, but he's coming to them, and he's wooing them.
They're enemies of the cross, but they're having encounters with this man that Saul had an encounter with.
Now the terms used a Damasen experience of what happened to Saul here.
Have you heard that?
A Damasen experience that
we would maybe say a Damascus road experience and it's descriptive of an instantaneous transformation.
There's no doubt about it.
This was a dramatic turnaround, but it wasn't instant.
And even this quick turnabout was in stages.
If you look at this story, we don't have time to go through it again, but in
His conversion is getting to know who Jesus really is.
Look at verse three.
Suddenly a light from heaven flashed around him.
He fell on the ground.
He hears a voice.
He's starting to hear the voice of God.
Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me?
He realizes he's known by name by whoever this personality is.
You're known by name from heaven.
And then verse five, he says, who are you, Lord?
What a question to ask.
Who are you, Lord?
This is coming from a religious Jew, a man who knows who the name is, even the unspeakable name of the Lord God Almighty.
He knows who the Lord God is, but he doesn't know who this is.
And you see, you can be worshiping some resemblance of God and not really know God, like all the Pharisees did.
They knew their Bible inside out, but when God and human flesh
Appeared in front of them, they didn't recognize him.
He's not who you think he is.
And sometimes evangelical's get obsessed with instant conversion.
And I believe you're born again in a moment.
But your conversion is not always in a moment.
And some of us have religious experience, but we don't have God experience.
That's what I'm looking for.
I don't care if you can remember the date or the time or the meeting.
What I want to know is, have you an encounter with God?
Have you an experience of the living God in a personal way?
Or do you just have a religious experience?
Let's know what Paul said about his past and his religious experience.
He said in Philippians 3, I was circumcised when I was eight days old.
I'm a pure-blooded citizen of Israel and a member of the tribe of Benjamin, a real Hebrew if there ever was one.
I was a member of the Pharisees who demand the strictest obedience to the Jewish law.
I was so zealous that I harshly persecuted the church.
As for righteousness, I bear the law without fault.
I once thought these things were valuable, but now I consider them worthless because of what Christ has done.
Yes, everything else is worthless when compared with the infinite value of knowing Christ Jesus, my Lord.
For His sake,
so that I could gain Christ and become one with Him.
I no longer count on my own righteousness, though obeying the law.
Rather, I become righteous through faith in Christ.
For God's way of making us right with Himself depends on faith.
I want to know Christ and experience the mighty power that raised Him from the dead.
I want to suffer with Him sharing in His death so that one way or another I will experience the resurrection from the dead.
He had a religious experience, but on this road, he had a God experience with a God he didn't recognize.
Who are you Lord?
I'm gonna be straight here.
Some of you have been Christians for maybe 20, 30 or more years, and you could be asking that question tonight.
Who are you Lord?
Who really are you?
I mean, it is confusion.
I mean, from many people, but in churches around our land today, through grumpy, curmudgeon preachers, you would think God was angry at you.
Yeah?
Stingy, a skin flint, a perfectionist that's just wanting you to jump through hoops, and you'll never ever satisfy him.
You'll never be enough or do enough.
That's what, and I've, I've,
Communicated that maybe not intentionally at times, but through some of the stuff I've said and taught.
But many people who even call themselves Christians around our island and around the West are saying, hey, are you Lord?
And you know what you need.
You don't need a theology degree and you don't need to go to Bible college.
You need an encounter with the living God in Jesus Christ.
It's interesting if you look at verse two, soil was going after people who belonged to the way.
That tells you everything.
You know, the name Christian was a nickname really, was only used once or twice we read of it in scripture.
But the people who followed Jesus, his disciples were called the way, the people of the way it was a Jewish sect.
Jesus was the Jewish Messiah.
But the point is,
The clues in the name, the way.
It wasn't about an organization.
It wasn't about an institution.
It was about a person who said in John 14, verse 6, truly, truly I say to you, I am the way.
It's about an encounter with Jesus.
And the man traveling with Saul, when the saw of someone was going on here, it says they were speechless.
People will be speechless when you encounter Jesus, not be speechless if you tell them what you know and quote Bible verses to them and battle them over the head with a Bible and make them feel belittled and inferior because they're not an evangelical Christian.
But they saw that this man that they knew was a murderous threat to every person of the way who existed.
They saw in that moment, he encountered some power beyond himself and they were speechless.
They heard a voice, but they saw no one.
The boy did a change.
So he went off his food.
He went off even drinking water.
He went praying.
Verse 11 says, when Ananias found him, he was praying.
And this is what I want you to see is bring all this to close just these thoughts.
We need our encounter with the Lord Jesus.
We need fresh.
And can I tell you, I want more experiences with Jesus.
I need daily experiences with Jesus, but I want more.
I want deeper ones.
I want more significant ones.
But here's a man in verse 10.
I want to introduce you to his name is Ananias.
And it just simply says, he lived in Damascus, a disciple named Ananias.
And the Lord called to him in a vision anonized, there's so much in that verse, it's incredible.
First of all, he's a disciple, doesn't say an apostle named anonized.
And there are apostles, and there's more than 12 of them in New Testament.
But doesn't say he was an apostle, just says he was a disciple.
So this false doctrine that many are teaching that only the apostles could do miracles.
And after the apostles died, there were no more miracles.
It's plainly on biblical, because here's a man who's just a simple, ordinary disciple,
And he was the one God sent the apostle Paul.
No, where were all the VIPs?
Where were all, huh?
He finds this man, we hardly know anything about him.
And he sends him to lay hands, the hands of an ordinary disciple, to heal soul.
That's beautiful, because tonight you're going to see a team up here of people praying.
And I really,
I don't really like praying for people at this meeting tonight.
One, because I'm usually racked, and two, because I don't need to, because it's not about me, it's about the Holy Spirit's part.
He works through all believers, all believers.
Those who believe she lay hands in the sick, and they say, doesn't say special people.
It says those who believe, ordinary disciples who believe.
And he was an ordinary disciple, but he wasn't perfect.
Verse 12 says, innovation, and God gives visions.
He has seen a man named Ananias come and place his hands on him to restore his sight.
So Ananias was spoken to by God miraculously.
Paul was spoken to by God telling him Ananias was gonna come and do this thing.
And then Ananias starts to argue with the Lord.
Verse 13, Lord Ananias answered, I have heard many reports about this man.
All the harm is done to your holy people in Jerusalem."
He's come here with authority from the chief priests to arrest all you call on your name.
And basically what I'm going to ask this saying here, Lord, do you know what you're doing?
That's terrible, isn't it?
But you never asked the Lord that, would you?
Huh?
Yeah, you would.
You shaking your head there.
You've never said, Lord, what are you doing?
or what are you not doing?
Huh?
I know it's ridiculous, it's foolish.
But some of us, maybe that's not the way we work, and we need to know God's ways or not our ways, but maybe we're saying something like, God would never do that.
Or God could never do that.
Or I would never do that.
Be careful when you say that, or I would never go there.
Don't ever say that, please.
But I want to encourage you tonight that if you ever need, and Paul, he got born again, he came to Jesus as a disciple of Christ, but he also needed healed.
An ordinary disciple was sent to lay hands on him.
It mentions that a couple of times in this passage, to lay hands on him so that he wouldn't be filled with the Holy Spirit, and you need filled with the Holy Spirit, and sometimes that happens when someone lays hands on you.
You don't have to have hands there on you.
It can happen without hands there on you.
It happened to me without hands there on me.
But sometimes it happens with hands there on you.
Sometimes you get healed without hands being laid on you.
But sometimes you do get healed when hands are laid on you.
Why don't you come tonight and get hands laid on you for prayer and see what God, and don't say God wouldn't do it like that.
Mind your own business.
that God do the healing and the miraculous stuff and you do what you know you need to do and be like Saul or be like Ananias and just obey the Lord and believe him.
But the miracle, it's a weird oneness because Saul needed heal from blindness but he had been blinded by the light.
I thought that song blinded by your grace.
But you know, I was talking to somebody earlier in church about this.
Sometimes we need to unlearn before we can relearn.
And I've found in my life that a lot of my learning has been more unlearning.
Who are you, Lord?
I thought
and we need a Holy Spirit of Saul dead to see again.
And so nearly finished, all happened was on an ass, put his hands on Saul, and it says, scales fail from his eyes.
Now, there's difference of opinion here, as there usually is with everything in the Bible, but something it just describes metaphorically, something that was obstructing his senior Jesus was, and he was literally blind, don't get me wrong, but there's no doubt about it.
He probably literally had a film or like a scab or a crust on his eyes, but it did depict something of the blindness that he was in.
And when he saw the light of who Jesus really was, I wish I could see this properly, but I wish that I could convey to you even a fraction of what is in my mind and heart right now.
If any of us in this gathering saw the glory of the light of the Son of God, we will be instantly and permanently blinded.
In fact, we would melt, we would incinerate, because the Bible says he is light and unapproachable.
You know, in a way, the sun, you know, you would just fry up if you were only a fractional year, but imagine people going, you know, in the space and get close to the sun, just fizzle up.
The glory of, and it's not because Jesus wants to do that.
He doesn't want to do that.
That's the whole point.
But sometimes we have stuff in us that needs to encounter the glory of His holy light so that we're blinded, so that we unlearn things, so that we can relearn who you really are Lord.
What are the barriers?
in your mind, in your perception, on conception of who God really is.
You know, I could keep you long enough here talking about this because this is where I've been a Christian almost my whole life from a boy.
I've known the Bible from a boy.
I've preached from practically I was a boy, but it was even as a pastor.
I didn't know God was my father.
I didn't know he was my alba father, my daddy, my papa in heaven.
I didn't know I was a son.
And it probably was a bit of an orphan because of that.
And because of that, I didn't know my brothers and my sisters.
And I looked down my nose at those who didn't exactly agree with me.
But God's kingdom is very wise.
Oh, I know the way it's narrow and all that.
I know that.
But when the scales fall off your eyes and you see the kingdom of God as in our midst, it changes your total perspective on everything.
You realize the earth is filled with the glory of God.
The earth is filled with His glory.
One day it will be filled with the knowledge of the glory of God.
as the waters cover the sea, but already it is filled with the glory of God.
The problem is our eyes are on what our meat and Facebook's telling us about.
The world wide conspiracy, the Illuminati.
I'm not saying these things don't exist.
I don't know whether they do, but I don't care.
I don't care.
There's one king to my mentor esthetic.
And there's one king.
And he shall reign.
forever and ever.
And the kingdoms of this world shall be the kingdoms of our God and of his Christ, and he shall reign forever.
And ever somebody needs to sing hallelujah, hallelujah.
Let's pray.
Let's take a moment.
Let's just take a moment.
In the quiet.
Who are you, Lord?
Do you know him?
I'm not asking you, are you a Protestant or a Catholic?
I'm not asking you a Presbyterian Church of Ireland, Methodist, Baptist, Brown and Free Presbyterian, Elam, Pentecostal.
I'm not asking you what you believe.
I'm not asking you what you believe with prophecy, gifts of the Spirit, Holy Spirit,
Trinity, I'm not asking you any of that.
I'm asking you.
Do you know that God revealed his heart in his son, Jesus Christ?
And do you know him personally?
Have you ever encountered him?
Do you know him day by day?
Do you walk with him?
Do you hear his voice?
Do you know his love?
Do you know he died on a cross for you and took your sin and bled and agony and took whatever it means to be judged and held forever?
He took that on himself on the cross.
And Rose again, the third day, and he's here by his Holy Spirit.
Is there anyone here?
Now, there may not be anyone, okay?
Because you look like a bunch of Christians, whatever a bunch of Christians look like.
But there could be someone here that's not a Christian.
And I want to give you opportunity to trust in Christ and to take that step of faith and ask Him into your life.
And it might only be the start of a journey, the first stage of a journey.
That's okay.
But is there anybody here?
Just where you're seated, you'd pray this prayer with me.
And maybe you thought you knew Christ for years, but you realize, actually, I don't have an experience of religion, but not an experience with God.
Pray this prayer with me.
Father, I come to you in the name of your Son, the Lord Jesus Christ.
I confess, He is the Son of God, and He's the only way to God.
They died in the cross for my sins and rose again that I might be forgiven and receive eternal life.
I turned from my sin and turned to you for mercy and forgiveness.
Forgive me now.
Make me your child.
Commit to my heart and fill me with the Holy Spirit, but I may live a life that is pleasing to you.
Now is there anybody in this gathering?
As I said, there mightn't be anybody, but I want to give an opportunity.
And you just prayed that prayer and you believed it and you meant it.
And God will hear you if you mend it from your heart.
Just where you're seated and people have bowed their heads and closed their eyes out of privacy for you.
We're not going to embarrass you or pull you out or anything like that.
We just want to encourage you to confess that step that you've taken to trust Christ.
Would you read your hand just to say, I did that.
I took that step just now.
Just where you are, put your hand up and put it down again and I'll see it and we'll pray for you.
Is there anybody just where you're sitting?
but your hand up and down again.
Or if you're someone who's once walked with the Lord and you know you've got far from the Lord and there's various things, sins and habits and lifestyle choices that have, and maybe hurts and brokenness and maybe the church hasn't done any favors and you've wandered away from the Lord, but you want to come home.
You are a Christian, you know Jesus, but you need that real encounter with him again.
You need that reality of knowing him.
And you want to come home to him tonight?
Is there anybody like a backslayer?
God bless you.
Is there anybody else?
Anybody else?
Thank you, Lord.
Would you just pray, just pray now and say, Lord, I want to know what you're really like, but I'm sorry for the things that have been a barrier between me and you.
And just bring them to the cross and ask them for help, ask them for cleansing and ask them for help.
And maybe those folks come out for prayer
It's not just healing prayer, you know, for physical stuff, it's also for spiritual things.
So ask for help with some of those things you're struggling with tonight.
Now, I want to ask you Christians, who is there here?
And you, you're asking, who are you Lord?
And you need a fresh encounter with the reality of God's presence and who he really is in your life.
And you want that.
I'm not saying you're backslidden, but you may have a caricature of God.
You may have embraced the bad news, you're all in the good news.
God delivers from God.
There's enough bad news in the world.
We need the good news.
And we've got the good news, the new covenant.
We've been invited to a wedding, not a funeral.
Tell your face.
You know?
And I need to remind myself of that.
Joy on speaker.
of glory, but I've got depression.
I know, I know that's okay.
We're not saying you shouldn't have depression, but we're saying Christianity shouldn't give you depression.
Christians can have depression and do have depression, but it shouldn't be Christianity.
It shouldn't be the church given yet.
Who wants to know the way the Lord really is?
If you want to put your hand up, it doesn't matter how many years you're
Just confess that Lord I want.
Who are you?
Who are you Lord?
What do you really like?
Put your hand on and put it down again, but just you deal with the Lord.
Yes.
And if you need a touch from the Lord tonight, mentally, emotionally, physically, come for prayer afterwards, but ask Him right now to touch your life.
Ask Him to heal that particular thing and then get prayer afterwards.
Okay, let me pray and get out of the way and let God do what he wants to do.
I'm gonna pray for your healing tonight as well.
Lord, I thank you, Jesus, that the same Jesus that showed up on that road unexpectedly to Saul of Tarsus and turned him around from a chief persecutor of the church to the primary propagator of the gospel that we know of in the New Testament.
You're here tonight.
Lord Jesus, Lord Jesus Christ Messiah,
You are here and your glory and your light is the same as it was on that road.
And I pray that your light will shine in the hearts of those who do not believe, but that your light will dispel the darkness, dispel the skills and the barriers and the interference, the obstacles that's stopping them seeing God the way he really is.
Jesus, if you came into this world to do anything as well as die for our sins,
It's to show us what the Father's like.
Lord, for those here who know about you and confess us, Lord, but they don't.
Who are you, Lord?
That's the cry tonight.
Lord, we just show them who you are.
Heal people.
Heal minds, heal hearts, heal bodies, heal souls and spirits.
I say in the name of Jesus Christ, be healed.
Be healed.